******************************************
FILE CONTENTS:	This is a sample run of the learning program, 
allowing the training set to grow up to 250 members, and 
tracking results for learning in increments of 10.

No final tree is printed.
******************************************

Please enter a training set size (a positive multiple of 250 that is <= 1000): 250
Please enter a training increment (either 10, 25, or 50): 10

Loading Property Information from file.
Loading Data from database.

Collecting set of 250 training examples.

Running with 10 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 3394 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 62.9218 percent).

Running with 20 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5091 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 94.3826 percent).

Running with 30 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5091 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 94.3826 percent).

Running with 40 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5276 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.8124 percent).

Running with 50 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5276 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 97.8124 percent).

Running with 60 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 70 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 80 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 90 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 100 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 110 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 120 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 130 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 140 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 150 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 160 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 170 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 180 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 190 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 200 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 210 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 220 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 230 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 240 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

Running with 250 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 5346 correct classifications
out of 5394 possible (a success rate of 99.1101 percent).

     ----------
     Statistics
     ----------

Training set size: 10.  Success:  62.9218 percent.
Training set size: 20.  Success:  94.3826 percent.
Training set size: 30.  Success:  94.3826 percent.
Training set size: 40.  Success:  97.8124 percent.
Training set size: 50.  Success:  97.8124 percent.
Training set size: 60.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 70.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 80.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 90.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 100.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 110.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 120.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 130.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 140.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 150.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 160.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 170.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 180.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 190.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 200.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 210.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 220.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 230.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 240.  Success:  99.1101 percent.
Training set size: 250.  Success:  99.1101 percent.

