Please enter a training set size (a positive multiple of 250 that is <= 1000):1000
Please enter a training increment (either 10, 25, or 50):50

Loading Property Information from file.
Loading Data from database.

Collecting set of 1000 training examples.

Running with 50 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4252 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 91.559001 percent).

Running with 100 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4605 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.160207 percent).

Running with 150 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 200 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 250 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 300 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 350 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 400 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 450 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 500 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 550 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4634 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.784668 percent).

Running with 600 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 650 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 700 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 750 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 800 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 850 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 900 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 950 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

Running with 1000 examples in training set.

Given current tree, there are 4628 correct classifications
out of 4644 possible (a success rate of 99.655469 percent).

	----------
	Statistics
	----------

Training set size: 50.  Success:  91.559001 percent.
Training set size: 100.  Success:  99.160207 percent.
Training set size: 150.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 200.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 250.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 300.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 350.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 400.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 450.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 500.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 550.  Success:  99.784668 percent.
Training set size: 600.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 650.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 700.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 750.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 800.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 850.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 900.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 950.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
Training set size: 1000.  Success:  99.655469 percent.
